Improve traffic and error capturing (#193)
axiomhq/next-axiom: README.md

Otherwise create a dataset and an API token in [Axiom settings](https://app.axiom.co/settings/profile), then export them as environment variables `NEXT_PUBLIC_AXIOM_DATASET` and `NEXT_PUBLIC_AXIOM_TOKEN`.

## Capture traffic requests

Create a `middleware.ts` in the root dir of your app:

```typescript
import { Logger } from 'next-axiom'
import { NextResponse } from 'next/server'
import type { NextFetchEvent, NextRequest } from 'next/server'

export async function middleware(request: NextRequest, event: NextFetchEvent) {

>     const logger = new Logger({ source: 'middleware' }); // traffic, request

Reviewer: what does the comment mean?

Author: it was the options we could use instead of `source: "middleware"`. I forgot to remove them. now removed.

    logger.middleware(request)

    event.waitUntil(logger.flush())

>     return NextResponse.next()

Reviewer: missing }

Author: added

> // See "Matching Paths" below to learn more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    console.log(event.message);
  },
});

### Capturing Errors

To capture routing errors we can use the [Error Handling](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/error-handling) mechanism of Next. 

> Create a new file named `error.tsx` under your `/app` directory. Inside your component function use the logger to ingest the error to Axiom. e.g:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new file named `error.tsx` under your `/app` directory. Inside your component function use the logger to ingest the error to Axiom. 

Example:
```

```typescript
"use client";

import NavTable from "@/components/NavTable";
import { LogLevel } from "@/next-axiom/logger";
import { useLogger } from "next-axiom";
import { usePathname } from "next/navigation";

export default function ErrorPage({
  error,
}: {
  error: Error & { digest?: string };
}) {
  const pathname = usePathname()
  const log = useLogger({ source: "error.tsx" });
  let status =  error.message == 'Invalid URL' ? 404 : 500;

  log.logHttpRequest(
    LogLevel.error,
    error.message,
    {
      host: window.location.href,
      path: pathname,
      statusCode: status,
    },
    {
      error: error.name,
      cause: error.cause,
      stack: error.stack,
      digest: error.digest,
    },
  );

  return (
    <div className="p-8">
      Ops! An Error has occurred:{" "}
      <p className="text-red-400 px-8 py-2 text-lg">`{error.message}`</p>
      <div className="w-1/3 mt-8">
        <NavTable />
      </div>
    </div>
  );
}

> ```

Reviewer: I think we need to write "create or edit" so it's clear that you can still use middleware and errors.tsx the way you did before

Author: done
